Handle discard all logfiles properly (#6945)
hashicorp/consul: website/source/docs/agent/options.html.md

* <a name="_log_rotate_duration"></a><a href="#_log_rotate_duration">`-log-rotate-duration`</a> - to specify the maximum duration a log should be written to before it needs to be rotated. Must be a duration value such as 30s. Defaults to 24h.

> * <a name="_log_rotate_max_files"></a><a href="#_log_rotate_max_files">`-log-rotate-max-files`</a> - to specify the maximum number of older log file archives to keep. Defaults to 0 (no files are ever deleted). Set to -1 to truncate the log file when reaching `-log-rotate-bytes` or `-log-rotate-duration`, without rotating the content into archives.

Reviewer: Hmm I'm not sure that the verbosity adds clarity here.

How about something like:
```suggestion
* <a name="_log_rotate_max_files"></a><a href="#_log_rotate_max_files">`-log-rotate-max-files`</a> - to specify the maximum number of older log file archives to keep. Defaults to 0 (no files are ever deleted). Set to -1 to discard old log files when a new one is created.
```

Author: Thats not what it is doing. If you are setting `-1` it doesn't create an archive and it will delete exist archives.
